Disruptor native support (#1791)
apache/camel-quarkus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/reference/extensions/disruptor.adoc

----

Check the xref:user-guide/index.adoc[User guide] for more information about writing Camel Quarkus applications.

== Camel Quarkus limitations

> The disruptor-vm provide support for communication across CamelContext instances but since camel-quarkus support a single CamelContext, such component is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `disruptor-vm` component is not available on Camel Quarkus. This is because it is supposed to provide support for communication across multiple CamelContext instances within a single JVM, but by design, there is always just a single `CamelContext` on Camel Quarkus. Therefore `disruptor-vm` would make no sense.
```
